docs: devlopment guide - add note about enabling the profiling flag (#7987)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/docs/contributing/development-guide.md

make setup
```

## Profiling

> Karpenter exposes a pprof endpoint on its metrics port when [profiling](https://karpenter.sh/docs/reference/settings/) is enabled.

Reviewer: You should be able to use a relref rather than an absolute link. This will ensure the link will route to the site-under-test for preview and local development rather than the public site. 
```suggestion
Karpenter exposes a pprof endpoint on its metrics port when [profiling]({{< relref "../reference/settings" >}}) is enabled.
```
